README.md, before:


                  1. Digital Information
                                        \
          2. Azure's Computing Power -> 4. Public Square or Discussion Forum -> 5. Human Expertise & Leadership e.g. Sam Altman -> 6. Dominance of AAA-MM-N
                                        /
                                        3. Nvidia-designed GPUs
                    
### Dionysus 1, 2, 3

### Sing O Muse 4

### [Apollo](http://archives.news.yale.edu/v29.n1/story4.html) [5](https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2019/oct/16/harold-bloom-against-the-school-of-resentment/)[,](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/oct/20/harold-bloom-defence-of-western-greats-blinded-him-to-other-cultures) [6](https://www.washingtonpost.com/outlook/2019/10/24/how-harold-bloom-misunderstood-fall-humanities/)
 
# A Dionysian Man
Did the authors of the western canon embrace the more remote overtones of the harmonic series? Shakespeare did with Shylock and Caliban. Joyce probably had trouble reaching the American market because he did. Oscar Wilde did, but with subtlety. Dostoevsky? Are you kidding me?? So Bloom has a valid point: do not attempt to improve your [neighbor](http://archives.news.yale.edu/v29.n1/story4.html) or your neighborhood by what or how you read!

Commit message:

aesthetics isn't the platform for politics and christianity

README.md, after:


                  1. Digital Information
                                        \
          2. Azure's Computing Power -> 4. Public Square or Discussion Forum -> 5. Human Expertise & Leadership e.g. Sam Altman -> 6. Dominance of AAA-MM-N
                                        /
                                        3. Nvidia-designed GPUs
                    
### Dionysus 1, 2, 3

### Sing O Muse 4

### [Apollo](http://archives.news.yale.edu/v29.n1/story4.html) [5](https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2019/oct/16/harold-bloom-against-the-school-of-resentment/)[,](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/oct/20/harold-bloom-defence-of-western-greats-blinded-him-to-other-cultures) [6](https://www.washingtonpost.com/outlook/2019/10/24/how-harold-bloom-misunderstood-fall-humanities/)
 
###### Love thy neighbor
Let's talk aesthetics. There are other platforms for politics and christianity. Did the authors of the western canon embrace the more remote overtones of the harmonic series? Shakespeare did with Shylock and Caliban. Joyce probably had trouble reaching the American market because he did. Oscar Wilde did, but with subtlety. Dostoevsky? Are you kidding me?? So Bloom has a valid point: do not attempt to improve your [neighbor](http://archives.news.yale.edu/v29.n1/story4.html) or your neighborhood by what or how you read!
